Source tiktok marketing: migrate to api v1.3 (#15786)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/tiktok-marketing.md

| Version | Date       | Pull Request                                             | Subject                                                                                       |
|:--------|:-----------|:---------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 0.1.15  | 2022-08-19 | [15786](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15786) | Migrate to API version 1.3                                                                    |                                               

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0.1.15  | 2022-08-19 | [15786](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/pull/15786) | Use API version 1.3                                                                    under the hood but transfomr it to match the schema of v1.2 in preparation for migrating to v1.3 |                                               
```
